WIP: Use common storage config in jsonnet (#3257)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/configuring-ruler.md

To enable it, add the following Jsonnet code to the `_config` section:

```jsonnet
{
  _config+:: {
    ruler_enabled: true,
    ruler_storage_bucket_name: 'ruler-bucket-name',
  },
}
```

By default, the object storage backend used for the ruler will be the one set by the `$._config.storage_backend` option.

> If desired, it can be overridden by setting the `$._config.ruler_storage_backend` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If desired, you can override it by setting the `$._config.ruler_storage_backend` option.
```

The `ruler_storage_backend` option must be one of either `local`, `azure`, `gcs`, or `s3`.
For more information about the options available for storing ruler state, see [Grafana Mimir ruler: State]({{< relref "../../architecture/components/ruler/index.md#state" >}}).

To get started, use the `local` client type for initial testing:

```jsonnet
{
  _config+:: {
    ruler_enabled: true,
    ruler_storage_backend: 'local',
    ruler_local_directory: '/path/to/local/directory',
  },
}
```

> If you are using object storage, `ruler_storage_bucket_name` must be set to the name of the bucket to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using object storage, you must set `ruler_storage_bucket_name` to the name of the bucket that you want to use.
```
